# AI-artist_using-Deep-Dream-to-create-new-image
This Project is about using Deep dream algorithm in order to extract the features that by inception net, and apply it on image
Here the idea is to apply gradient ascent instead of gradient descent. that's means increase the loss to boost the patterns found in the image
in the context of the image the feature detectors can be on different stages, the early stage extracts simple (low level) features like edges. As we go further in the network the feature detectors become more and more able to extract more complex features like face.
what we are going to do is to get those features and project it on image to give the image affect the acid drug. like when the child set and looking at the clouds in the sky, the kid starts to imagine shapes for the clouds or try to extract shape from the clouds the idea behind this theorem is finding the gradient of the loss with respect to the image, then instead id apply minus sign to that gradient (gradient descent) we will add + sign to apply gradient ascent. then define the learning rate or step size to define how aggressively the features are applied to the image 
The mathematical model for this network is like the following: ğ’™|_ğ’ğ’†ğ’˜= ğ’™|_ğ’ğ’ğ’…+ğ’…ğ’š/ğ’…ğ’™âˆ—ğ’ğ’†ğ’‚ğ’“ğ’ğ’Šğ’ğ’ˆ ğ’“ğ’‚ğ’•ğ’† (ğ’”ğ’•ğ’†ğ’‘ ğ’”ğ’Šğ’›ğ’†), however, the gradient is going to be like the following: ğ‘®ğ’“ğ’‚ğ’…ğ’Šğ’†ğ’ğ’•=  ğ’…ğ’š/ğ’…ğ’™=ğ’…(ğ’‚ğ’„ğ’•ğ’Šğ’—ğ’‚ğ’•ğ’Šğ’ğ’ğ’”/ğ’ğ’ğ’”ğ’”)/(ğ’…(ğ’Šğ’ğ’‘ğ’–ğ’• ğ’Šğ’ğ’‚ğ’ˆğ’†)" " )
The idea of activation here is that there are many layers in the network that combine many other layers before. Those layers are responsible for patterns that could be found in the image.
The whole idea here is investing the activations in the Networks. Activation here does not means activation functions but rather batch_normalization.
